docs(.github): add configuration files (#5)
Decathlon/vitamin-ios: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Changes description
<!--- Describe your changes in details. -->

## Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an opened issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## Checklist
<!--- Feel free to add other steps if needed. -->

- [ ] Make sure you are requesting to **pull a topic/feature/bugfix branch**. Please, don't request your main!
- [ ] Check commits & PR names matches our requested structure. It must follow the https://www.conventionalcommits.org pattern.
- [ ] Check your code additions will fail neither code linting checks.
- [ ] I have reviewed the submitted code.

> - [ ] I have tested on a phone device/emulator.
> - [ ] I have tested on a tablet device/emulator.

Reviewer: Talk about `iPhone`, `iPad` and `simulator`.
```suggestion
- [ ] I have tested on an iPhone device/simulator.
- [ ] I have tested on an iPad device/simulator.
```

- [ ] If it's a new component, please ask for design review.

## Does this introduce a breaking change?
<!-- If this introduces a breaking change, please describe the impact and migration path for existing applications below. -->

- Yes
- No

## Screenshots

> #### Phone
> <!--- Put your phone screenshots here. -->
> 
> #### Tablet
> <!--- Put your tablet screenshots here. -->

Reviewer: Same here.
```suggestion
#### iPhone
<!--- Put your iPhone screenshots here. -->

#### iPad
<!--- Put your iPad screenshots here. -->
```

> #### Large screen

Reviewer 2: Not sure this is relevant for iOS...
It could be but I think we then have to precise what we mean by large screen : iPad Prod 12.9" ?

Reviewer: Agreed with you, it's maybe not relevant here.

Author: you're right ;)

> #### Large screen
> <!--- Put your large screen screenshots here. -->
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Changes description
<!--- Describe your changes in details. -->

## Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an opened issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## Checklist
<!--- Feel free to add other steps if needed. -->

- [ ] Make sure you are requesting to **pull a topic/feature/bugfix branch**. Don't request your main!

> - [ ] Check the commit's or even all commits' message styles matches our requested structure.

Reviewer 2: should we also add the link to 'conventinalcommits.org' ? Or is there any other description of the expected structure that we could link to ?

Author: you're right, fixed!
